[136] Readme for Workflow example and integrations (#97)
eclipse-glsp/glsp-client: README.md

## Workflow Diagram Example

The workflow diagram is a consistent example provided by all GLSP components. The example implements a simple flow chart diagram editor with different types of nodes and edges (see screenshot below). The example can be used to try out different GLSP features, as well as several available integrations with IDE platforms (Theia, VSCode, Eclipse, Standalone).
As the example is fully open source, you can also use it as a blueprint for a custom implementation of a GLSP diagram editor.
See [our project website](https://www.eclipse.org/glsp/documentation/#workflowoverview) for an overview of the workflow example and all components implementing it.

![Workflow Diagram](/documentation/standalone-diagram.gif)

### How to start the Workflow Diagram example?

First, you need to build the Client packages:

```
yarn install
```

And the GLSP Server (Which includes the Workflow Diagram Server example). See [`glsp-server`](https://github.com/eclipse-glsp/glsp-server#building) for instructions.

Once both the Server and the Client packages are built, you can start both:

> - Server: in `examples/org.eclipse.glsp.example.workflow`, start `org.eclipse.glsp.example.workflow.launch.WorkflowServerLauncher.java` with these arguments: `--websocket --port=8081` (Or use the included `Start_Workflow_Example_Server_(Websocket).launch` Launch Configuration from Eclipse).

Reviewer: Maybe it is worth mentioning that the server can also be simply started from command line after building as documented here: https://github.com/eclipse-glsp/glsp#building-and-running-the-glsp-backend
This way, interested users wouldn't have to set up an IDE?

Author: There are too many readmes spread all around :) I wasn't aware of this part of the doc

- Client: Open the `examples/workflow-standalone/app/diagram.html` file in your favorite browser

### Where to find the sources?

> In addition to this repository, the related source code can be found here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to this repository, the source code of the example diagram server can be found here: https://github.com/eclipse-glsp/glsp-server/tree/master/examples/org.eclipse.glsp.example.workflow
```

> -   https://github.com/eclipse-glsp/glsp-server

Reviewer: I'd prefer just mentioning the link in the paragraph above instead of having a single-bullet bullet list.

Author: I followed the structure for all other READMEs (The glsp-client is the only one with a single related repo); but removing the list is also fine
